WAF v5 docs update (#5719)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/integrations/app-protect-waf-v5/configuration.md

Before applying a policy, a WAF policy bundle must be created, then copied to a volume mounted to `/etc/app_protect/bundles`.

{{< note >}} NGINX Ingress Controller supports `securityLogs` for policy bundles. Log bundles must also be copied to a volume mounted to `/etc/app_protect/bundles`. {{< /note >}}

This example shows how a policy is configured by referencing a generated WAF Policy Bundle:

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  name: <policy_name>
spec:
  waf:
    enable: true
    apBundle: "<policy_bundle_name>.tgz"
```

This example shows the same policy as above but with a log bundle used for security log configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  name: <policy_name>
spec:
  waf:
    enable: true
    apBundle: "<policy_bundle_name>.tgz"
    securityLogs:
    - enable: true
      apLogBundle: "<log_bundle_name>.tgz"
      logDest: "syslog:server=syslog-svc.default:514"
```

## Configuration in NGINX Plus Ingress Controller using Virtual Server Resource

> In this example we deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF v5, deploy a simple web application, and then configure load balancing and WAF protection for that application using the VirtualServer resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF v5, deploy a simple web application, and then configure load balancing and WAF protection for that application using the VirtualServer resource.
```

---
docs: DOCS-000
doctypes:
- ''
title: Configuration
toc: true
weight: 200
---

> This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure [NGINX App Protect WAF v5](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Overview

This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure [NGINX App Protect WAF v5](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/).
```

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  name: <policy_name>
spec:
  waf:
    enable: true
    apBundle: "<policy_bundle_name>.tgz"
    securityLogs:
    - enable: true
      apLogBundle: "<log_bundle_name>.tgz"
      logDest: "syslog:server=syslog-svc.default:514"
```

## OpenAPI Specification in NGINX Ingress Controller

The OpenAPI Specification defines the spec file format needed to describe RESTful APIs. The spec file can be written either in JSON or YAML. Using a spec file simplifies the work of implementing API protection. Refer to the [OpenAPI Specification](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) (formerly called Swagger) for details.

NGINX Ingress Controller supports OpenAPI Specification versions 2.0 and 3.0.

The simplest way to create an API protection policy is using an OpenAPI Specification file to import the details of the APIs. If you use an OpenAPI Specification file, NGINX App Protect WAF will automatically create a policy for the following properties (depending on what's included in the spec file):

- Methods
- URLs
- Parameters
- JSON profiles

> An OpenAPI-ready policy template is provided with the NGINX App Protect WAF packages and is located in: `/etc/app_protect/conf/NginxApiSecurityPolicy.json`

Reviewer 3: This doesn't seem valid for v5: 

```shell
ls -la /etc/app_protect/conf/
total 32
drwxrwxr-x 2 nginx root 4096 Jun 19 10:43 .
drwxrwxr-x 3 nginx root 4096 Jun 19 10:43 ..
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1649 May 22 09:32 log_all.tgz
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1651 May 22 09:32 log_blocked.tgz
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1641 May 22 09:32 log_grpc_all.tgz
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1647 May 22 09:32 log_grpc_blocked.tgz
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1652 May 22 09:32 log_grpc_illegal.tgz
-rw-rw-r-- 1 nginx root 1641 May 22 09:32 log_illegal.tgz
```

Author: removed ref to json policies

## Prerequisites

1. Follow the installation [instructions]({{< relref "installation/integrations/app-protect-waf-v5/installation.md" >}}) to deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF.

2. Save the public IP address of NGINX Ingress Controller into a shell variable:

   ```shell
    IC_IP=XXX.YYY.ZZZ.III
   ```

3. Save the HTTP port of NGINX Ingress Controller into a shell variable:

   ```shell
    IC_HTTP_PORT=<port number>
   ```

### Step 1. Deploy a Web Application

Create the application deployment and service:

  ```shell
  kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/v3.6.0/examples/custom-resources/app-protect-waf-v5/webapp.yaml
  ```

### Step 2. Deploy the Policy Bundle

Create the syslog service and pod for the NGINX App Protect WAF security logs:

   ```shell
   kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/v3.6.0/examples/custom-resources/app-protect-waf-v5/syslog.yaml

>    ```

Reviewer 3: `Deploy the Policy Bundle` doesn't seem to match the content?

Author: addressed

### Step 3 - Deploy the WAF Policy

Create the WAF policy

 ```shell
  kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/v3.6.0/examples/custom-resources/app-protect-waf-v5/waf.yaml
 ```

>   Note the NGINX App Protect WAF configuration settings in the Policy resource. They enable WAF protection by configuring NGINX App Protect WAF with the policy and log configuration created in the previous step.

Reviewer 3: This should call out the need to create a bundle as a prereq

Author: addressed

>   Note the NGINX App Protect WAF configuration settings in the Policy resource. They enable WAF protection by configuring NGINX App Protect WAF with the policy and log configuration created in the previous step.

Reviewer 2: if this is a note callout use the {{< note >}} hugo shortcode

Author: fixed

---
docs: DOCS-000
doctypes:
- ''
title: Configuration
toc: true
weight: 200
---

> This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure NGINX App Protect WAF version 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure [NGINX App Protect WAF v5](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/).
```

The simplest way to create an API protection policy is using an OpenAPI Specification file to import the details of the APIs. If you use an OpenAPI Specification file, NGINX App Protect WAF will automatically create a policy for the following properties (depending on what's included in the spec file):

- Methods
- URLs
- Parameters
- JSON profiles

An OpenAPI-ready policy template is provided with the NGINX App Protect WAF packages and is located in: `/etc/app_protect/conf/NginxApiSecurityPolicy.json`

It contains violations related to OpenAPI set to blocking (enforced).

## Configuration in NGINX Plus Ingress Controller using Virtual Server Resource

In this example we deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF v5, deploy a simple web application, and then configure load balancing and WAF protection for that application using the VirtualServer resource.

{{< note >}} You can find the example, and the files referenced, on [GitHub](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v3.6.0/examples/custom-resources/app-protect-waf/app-protect-waf-v55).{{< /note >}}

## Prerequisites

> 1. Follow the installation [instructions]({{< relref "installation/integrations/app-protect-waf/installation.md" >}}) to deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the installation [instructions]({{< relref "installation/integrations/app-protect-waf-v5/installation.md" >}}) to deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect WAF.
```

---
docs: DOCS-000
doctypes:
- ''
title: Configuration
toc: true
weight: 200
---

> This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure NGINX App Protect WAF version 5.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This document explains how to use F5 NGINX Ingress Controller to configure [NGINX App Protect WAF version 5](link_to_waf_v5_docs).
```
I feel like we should have a link to the WAF v5 docs explicitly here since we're very clearly separating it from the v4 docs

Reviewer: Made an edit suggestion for this.

Author: implemented
